[OKTA-1174908]: Milestone#1: OIN refactoring for "Build an SSO integration" (#6155)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/create-an-app-integration/main/saml2/protocol-config.md

5. On the **General Settings** tab, enter a name for your integration and optionally upload a logo. You can also choose to hide the integration from your end user's Okta dashboard or mobile app. Click **Next**.
6. On the **Configure SAML** tab, configure the following integration settings using the SAML information that you gathered when you built your integration:

>     * **Single sign-on URL** field-Enter the Assertion Consumer Service (ACS) URL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * **Single sign-on URL**: Enter the Assertion Consumer Service (ACS) URL.
```

>     * **Audience URI (SP Entity ID)** field-Enter the unique identifier for your app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * **Audience URI (SP Entity ID)**: Enter the unique identifier for your app.
```

        > **Note:** If you're just testing your setup using a sample SAML SP (such as a sample SAML Service Provider on GitHub), enter the following test URL into the **Single sign on URL** and **Audience URI (SP Entity ID)** fields:

        ```
        http://example.com/saml/sso/example-okta-com
        ```

>     * Choose the **Name ID format** and **Application username** that must be sent to your app in the SAML response (for example, `EmailAddress` and `Email`) or leave the defaults.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Choose the **Name ID format** and **Application username** that is sent to your app in the SAML response (for example, `EmailAddress` and `Email`) or leave the defaults.
```

>     * **Attribute Statements (optional)** section-Enter the SAML attributes to be shared with your application. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * **Attribute Statements (optional)**: Enter the SAML attributes you want shared with your app. For example:
```

>         | Name (in SAML application) | Value (in Okta profile) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        | Name (in SAML app) | Value (in Okta profile) |
```

        |---|---|
        | `FirstName` | `user.firstName` |
        | `LastName` | `user.lastName` |
        | `Email` | `user.email` |

    * If your org uses groups to categorize users, fill in the **Group Attribute Statements (optional)** section to filter by group membership in your SAML assertion. For example:

>         - **Name** — `groups`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - **Name**: `groups`
```

>         - **Filter** — `Matches regex`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - **Filter**: `Matches regex`
```

>         - **Value** — `.*`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - **Value**: `.*`
```

>     * Click < > **Preview the SAML Assertion** in section B to preview the generated SAML assertion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Click **Preview the SAML Assertion** in section B to preview the generated SAML assertion.
```

    * Click **Next**.

7. On the **Feedback** tab, select how you want to position this app:

>     * Internal app creation: If your organization created the app and you don't want it publicly released, select **This is an internal app that we have created**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Internal app creation: If your org created the app and you don't want it publicly released, select **This is an internal app that we have created**.
```
